[Console] #47809 remove exit() call in last SignalHandler (#48299)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Console/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

6.3
---

>  * Remove 'exit` call in `Application` signal handlers. Commands will no longer be interrupted after receiving signal other than `SIGUSR1` or `SIGUSR2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Remove `exit` call in `Application` signal handlers. Commands will no longer be automatically interrupted after receiving signal other than `SIGUSR1` or `SIGUSR2`
```
